CholeCap
Flavastatin NanoTablete Capsules

The first and only statin approved for the treatment of hypercholesterolaemia in teenagers with familial hypercholesterolaemia¹

Clinically proven efficacy and safety in paediatric patients²

Reduction in LDL-C²

Dolor sit amet 

p<0.01

p=0.002

CholeCap significantly reduces elevated total cholesterol, LDL-C and apo B levels in boys and postmenarchal girls, 10 to 17 years of age, with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia.¹

CholeCap is clinically proven to reduce the risk of heart attack, stroke, certain kinds of heart surgeries, and chest pain. Welcome to a brighter future for your patients.

CHOLECAP (flavastatin calcium) tablets are not for everyone, including anyone who has previously had an allergic reaction to CHOLECAP, It is not for those with liver problems. And it is not for women who are nursing, pregnant, or may become pregnant.
If you take CHOLECAP (flavastatin calcium) tablets, tell your doctor if you feel any new muscle pain or weakness. This could be a sign of rare but serious muscle side effects. Tell your doctor about all your medical conditions and all medications you take.
This may help avoid serious drug interactions. Your doctor should do blood tests to check your liver function before starting CHOLECAP and during your treatment if you have symptoms of liver problems. Tell your doctor if you have diabetes. Elevated blood sugar levels have been reported with statins, including CHOLECAP.
Common side effects are diarrhea, upset stomach, muscle and joint pain, and changes in some blood tests. Patients should always ask their doctors for medical advice about adverse events.

References:
1. Calhoun D, Trimarco T, Meek K, Locatto DJ. IASPPGuideline, FullReport. 2. November 2011: 34(11):32-48. Available from: CINAHL Plus with Full Text; Ipswich, MA. Accessed february 2, 2012
2.Pooga BA et al. Role of CholeCap (Flavastatin) in Dyslipidemia & Clinical Study. Cardiology. 2017;93(4):348-356.

Created by  puksys